### Project info

Sparkify, a startup, wants its analytics team to analyse the data collected on songs and user activity from its music streaming app. 
The purpose of this project is implement a pipeline in python in order to extract, transform and load the information from JSON files into a postgre database and implement some analytics.
The JSON files consist of :
* log files containing information about the streaming activity of users,~
* song files containing meta data of the songs.

## Project Datasets
* Song data: 's3://udacity-dend/song_data'  
* Log data: 's3://udacity-dend/log_data' 
Each file is in JSON format and contains metadata about a song and the artist of that song. The files are partitioned by the first three letters of each song's track ID. For example, here are filepaths to two files in this dataset.
```
song_data/A/B/C/TRABCEI128F424C983.json
song_data/A/A/B/TRAABJL12903CDCF1A.json
```
And below is an example of what a single song file, TRAABJL12903CDCF1A.json, looks like.
```
{"num_songs": 1, "artist_id": "ARJIE2Y1187B994AB7", "artist_latitude": null, "artist_longitude": null, "artist_location": "", "artist_name": "Line Renaud", "song_id": "SOUPIRU12A6D4FA1E1", "title": "Der Kleine Dompfaff", "duration": 152.92036, "year": 0}
```
#### Log Dataset  
The second dataset consists of log files in JSON format generated by this event simulator based on the songs in the dataset above. These simulate app activity logs from an imaginary music streaming app based on configuration settings.
The log files in the dataset will be working with are partitioned by year and month. For example, here are filepaths to two files in this dataset.
```
log_data/2018/11/2018-11-12-events.json
log_data/2018/11/2018-11-13-events.json